This code will set an event listener on the document for a click.
And now, we're actually listening for an event object,
and we are going to log out that event object.
Let's switch to the browser and see this in action.
All right, let's click on the page and see what happens.
One, two, three, click.
And we can see we have an event over here.
And specifically, it's a mouse event.
Let's open it up and see what it contains.
This has got a lot of information in here.
Let's look at some of them.
For example, down here is Page X and here's Page Y.
And these two values tell us the X and Y coordinate of the click event itself.
Where was the mouse when I clicked on the page?
And we can see down here what type of mouse event was it.
It was a click event.
Now how do we know what all of these properties
are and how do we find out more information?
Because this is a mouse event,
we can look at the mouse event interface.
So this is the mouse event interface page,
and this will show us all of the information about a mouse event object.
So all of the information provided by
a mouse event object is detailed here in this mouse event interface page.